frontend-nanodegree-arcade-game
===============================

How to run the game:

1. Defined Enemy() function and declared enemy instances allEnemies[] array.
2. Used prototype function of the Enemy update, so that the allEnemies[] instances are updated.
3. To generate arbitrary numbers, with the reference of stackoverflow.com webpage, got the idea of "getRandomArbitrary()".

4. Defined Player() function and declared player() at (200,300) co-ordinates.
5. Used prototype function of the Player update, so that the player() instances are updated.
6. Used prototype function of the Player handle input function to move the player. After multiple usage of trial and error determined the max and min of X and Y co-ordinates of the player.

7. Trying to determine the checkCollisions() in engine.js, by using the randomYposition() with the help of getRandomArbitrary().
8. Similarly, checkX() to determine the collisions in X direction.(These two functions and numbers are generated by trial and error methods after Step 10.)

9. But couldn't determine the collisions, because I defined in the engine.js file instead of app.js.
10. I updated my question Udacity forms regarding it and re-defined the prototype function for it.

Information of the background:

1. There are three types of tiles, which we would using.
		1. Stone Tiles
		2. Grass Tiles
		3. Water Tiles
2. The player starts the game at particular position, which is defined by the programmer.
3. There are enemy bugs which would running in the stone tiles.

Instructions how to move the player:

In the keyboard, there the arrow keys i.e.
		1. up
		2. down
		3. right
		4. left.
The player uses these keys to move the person in the game.

Game rules:

1. The player needs to escape from the collision with the enemy bugs.
2. If the player collides with enemy bug, the player restarts the game (with an instruction "Collision!!").
3. The player can move into the stone and grass tiles, but if the player tries to go into the water tile, the game restarts again (with an instruction "Reached the end!!").

Please enjoy the game.

Thank you,
Kirtana.
